better error on union of `StrawberryList` (#2593)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> This release covers an edge case where
> ```python
> some_field: "Union[list[str], SomeType]]"
> ```
> would not give a nice error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release covers an edge case where the following would not give a nice error.
```python
some_field: "Union[list[str], SomeType]]"
```

```

> fixes [#2591](https://github.com/strawberry-graphql/strawberry/issues/2591)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes [#2591](https://github.com/strawberry-graphql/strawberry/issues/2591)
```
